Mc knight 42/testing (#18)
dbt-labs/dbt-database-adapter-scaffold: docs/arch/adr-001-new-adapter-scaffolding.md

Currently we offer the ability for users and datawarehouses to build vendor/community supported adapter plugins via the [`create_adapter_plugins.py`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt/blob/47033c459f2c835d81cc845d49ef23e7d19736b6/core/scripts/create_adapter_plugins.py) file. While this file is able to produce a usable adapter plugin, it is not the most user friendly experience as we have noted over time and needed to be updated.

### known issues or possible improvements to be made

> - Updating script to generate a new adapter plugin is tricky, must edit numerous template strings in python code, difficult to test and search for all areas changes are needed. ex. `$ python create_adapter_plugins.py --sql --title-case=MyAdapter ./ myadapter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updating the script to generate a new adapter plugin is tricky. Numerous template strings must be edited in the python code, which makes it difficult to test and search for all areas that need to be changed. ex. `$ python create_adapter_plugins.py --sql --title-case=MyAdapter ./ myadapter`
```

Author: updated comments and pushed up.
